( horns play
gentle, noble melody )
( lilting orchestration plays )
( music building )
( music crescendos )
GIRL:
Once upon a time,
in a faraway kingdom,
lived a beautiful little girl
and her widowed father.
It's beautiful.
GIRL:
Okay, it wasn't that long ago.
And it wasn't really
a faraway kingdom.
( car horn honking,
car alarm blaring )
It was
the San Fernando Valley,
and it only looked far away
because you could barely
see it through all the smog.
But to me, growing up,
the Valley was my kingdom.
( upbeat pop melody plays )
( indistinct conversation )
( girl giggles )
I was my dad's best friend
and he was mine.
♪ ...An everlasting love... ♪
Although being raised
by a man put me behind
in the makeup and
fashion departments,
I never felt like
I missed out on anything.
( laughing )
I was the luckiest
girl in the world.
♪ I'm so glad
you found me in time... ♪
My dad owned the coolest
diner in the whole Valley.
I loved hanging out there.
♪ This will be
an everlasting love for me... ♪
It was the kind of place where
"diet" was a four-letter word
and grease came
at no additional charge.
At Hal's, everyone
felt like family.
WAITRESS:
All right,
I have drinks for everyone.
( noisemaker tooting )
Happy birthday.
Make a wish,
princess.
GIRL:
What did I need a wish for?
I had amazing friends
and the coolest dad.
WOMAN:
Oh!
GIRL:
But I guess my dad thought
I needed one more thing--
I am so sorry.
Fiona.
( horse whinnying )
You look
beautiful, Fiona.
( cheering )
GIRL:
Along with my new stepmother
came her twin daughters,
Brianna and Gabriella--
my "out-of-step" sisters.
FIONA:
Come on, girls.
Family photo.
But as long as my dad
was happy, so was I.
One... two...
We were going to be
one big happy family.
FIONA & DAUGHTERS:
Cheese!
One's enough.
GIRL:
Unfortunately,
this was no fairy tale.
DAD:
"He took her hand
"and he kissed it.
"Then he swooped her up
onto his horse,
"and the beautiful princess
and the handsome prince
"rode off to his castle,
"where they
lived happily... ever...
( giggling )
...after."
Do fairy tales
come true, Dad?
Well, no.
But dreams come true.
Do you have a dream?
Yeah.
My dream is that you'll
grow up and go to college,
and then maybe someday
you'll build
your own castle.
Where do princesses
go to college?
Uh...
they go, uh....
um, where the princes go.
They go to Princeton.
But Sam, you know,
fairy tales aren't just about
finding handsome princes.
They're about
fulfilling your dreams,
and about standing up
for what you believe in.
It's just like
I always say--
never let the fear of
striking out keep...
...keep you from
playing the game.
That's right.
( chuckles )
And, just remember,
if you look carefully,
this book contains
important things
that you may need
to know later in life.
( rumbling )
( gasping )
Earthquake!
GIRL:
My kingdom came crumbling down
the day the Northridge
earthquake struck the Valley.
FIONA:
Help! Help!
Don't go!
I'll be right back.
I lost
my best friend that day.
And, from then on,
the only fairy tales in my life
were the ones
I read about in books.
Since my father
didn't leave a will,
my stepmother got everything.
( girls laughing )
The house, the diner...
...and to her dismay, me.
( upbeat pop intro plays
on acoustic guitar )
♪ Stranger
than your sympathy ♪
♪ And this is my apology ♪
♪ I killed myself
from the inside out ♪
♪ And all my fears
have pushed you out ♪
♪ And I wished for things
that I don't need ♪
♪ All I wanted ♪
♪ And what I chase
won't set me free ♪
♪ It's all I wanted ♪
♪ And I get scared, but I'm
not crawling on my knees ♪
♪ Oh, yeah... ♪
( song fades )
FIONA ( over speaker ):
Sam.
Yoo-hoo, Sammy.
( yelling ):
Sam!
It's breakfast time.
( yawns )
( dog barks in distance )
So bring me
my breakfast!
( sighs )
( screeches ):
Sam!
( groans )
( water lapping )
MAN:
Careful, ladies.
Look for the eyes.
One, two, three,
bicycle.
And legs.
Magpie, magpie,
magpie, magpie.
Flapping, flapping, flapping and
Mary Lou Retton.
Palm tree and palm tree.
Lady Liberty!
Around the harbor!
Circle Line Tour,
and hurricane!
Can you believe
how extraordinarily gifted
my girls are?
Absolutely unbelievable.
Ow!
( splashing )
Really.
Sam!
Coming!
One and two and
three and four.
And right and left
and up and down.
Is this
the Norwegian salmon
that I asked for?
'Cause I need my Omega-3's.
Only the best.
Mm... mm-hmm.
I can tell.
You know, it costs a fortune
to fly that stuff in
from Norwegia.
And push it, ladies.
Push it, ladies.
Ready? Okay.
And...
Oopsie.
Ew! Gross!
Mom!
I have
a spastic colon.
Well, you have
a spastic brain!
( blows whistle )
Stop! Stop hitting her.
Stop it. Stop it!
What are you doing
just standing there?
Get to work.
Fiona, I can't go
to work this morning.
I've got a really big test
I have to study for.
Listen, Sam.
People go to school
to get smarter
so that they
can get a job.
You already have a job.
So it's like skipping a step.
Come on, get going.
And Flying Karamazov!
( grunts )
( shrieks )
FIONA:
No, honey.
Leave those on.
The lawn's looking
a little brown.
Fiona, we're supposed
to be conserving water.
We're in the middle
of a drought.
Stop it!
Droughts are for poor people.
Do you think J.Lo
has a brown lawn?
( shrieks )
People who use extra water have
extra class.
♪ Go on, get out of my head ♪
♪ I'm on the wrong side
of a parallel universe ♪
♪ Am I alive or just dead? ♪
♪ I keep stumbling
in the dark ♪
♪ And living
in a crashed world ♪
♪ Crashed world ♪
♪ Yeah-ee-yeah... ♪
( R&B intro fades in )
♪ Rescue me! ♪
( cook whistling )
♪ Take me in your arms... ♪
You call that
grade-A beef?
Well, that cow must've
cheated on his test.
Whoop.
Pick up!
( bell dings )
( grunts, groans )
Geez...
♪ Come on, baby,
and rescue me... ♪
Bobby, that's enough
with the salmon.
You already made
a salmon omelet,
salmon soup and
salmon pudding.
Come on.
Help me-- Fiona
wants to eat me.
Oh, that's nasty.
Bite me, Rhonda.
Ew, that's nasty!
Bite me.
Eleanor, your order's up.
Coming.
I got it.
( shrieks )
Safe!
Ooh.
ELEANOR:
I'm okay.
Chuck, how you doing?
Super.
That's good.
So, cheese omelet,
extra bacon, crisp,
blueberry muffin and a Coke.
Oh, make it
a Diet Coke.
I'm trying
to watch my weight.
Oh, it ain't going nowhere.
BOBBY:
Pick up these
salmon waffles.
Sam, what are you
still doing here?
I'm almost done.
You're gonna
be late for school.
I'll get there.
Fiona goes ballistic
if I don't finish.
I couldn't care less
about Fiona.
What I care about
is your education.
But...
She's got you getting up
at the crack of dawn like
some kind of rooster.
But I...
Your dad would want you
at school, not here.
But, Rhon...
No more "buts."
You just leave Fiona
and her big butt to me.
Thanks, Rhonda.
Get.
♪ ...I need you
and your love, too ♪
♪ Come on and rescue me ♪
♪ Come on, baby... ♪
( song fades )
( honks horn )
Hey, looking good,
Mr. Farrell.
A man's best friend
is his Mercedes, Sam.
I'll remember that.
( rap music plays )
"Anything is possible
if you just believe."
if you just..."
Audition today, son?
Yeah, uh, 5:00, a'ight?
Tell Mom.
Knock 'em dead.
Dad!
Now, do you see
what I have
to go to school in?
No offense, Sam, seriously.
But, honestly, don't
you feel sorry for me?
No, I feel sorry about
the three cars we got you
that you totaled.
Okay... all right...
( clears throat )
Carter, what
are you wearing?
What?
This is my Snoop-dizzle look.
I cannot drive you
to school like that.
Sam, I am
a Method actor, okay?
This is part of my training.
I know, I know,
I know, but...
Look at this.
All right. Take two.
♪ Not a lot right now
makes sense to me ♪
♪ And it won't go quietly ♪
♪ Not a lot right now... ♪
Buenos dias, Fighting Frogs.
Here's your daily draught
reminder to conserve agua.
Cut your showers short.
Brownie points
go out to Mr. Rothman
( over speaker ):
who hasn't had one in weeks.
And don't forget,
( phones beeping )
today is your last chance
to get tickets
to the big Halloween
Homecoming Dance.
( sarcastically ):
Whoop-dee-doo.
You too can dress up
like someone
you're not, for a change.
I mean, I...
Pledge allegiance...
BOTH:
...to the flag
of the United
States of America,
and to the republic
for which it stands,
one nation...
CARTER:
Primo parking spot
dead ahead.
( girls laughing )
GIRL:
There's a spot.
Sam, watch out.
Watch out.
GIRLS:
You snooze, you lose!
Well, if it isn't
Shelby Cummings and
her ladies-in-waiting.
Shelby wants me so bad.
You've never even
talked to her before.
Oh, I've talked to her, okay?
In my mind.
Let me tell you,
in my mind...
she wants me so bad.
Carter, you could do so much
better than Shelby Cummings.
Even in
your mind.
Oh, there's another spot.
Got it.
Seriously...
( tires screeching )
( gasping )
Come on!
( laughing )
( car stalls )
( engine struggling )
( alarm beeps )
SHELBY:
Austin!
I swear, people
like Shelby and Austin
are genetically programmed
to find
each other.
How can
so much ego
be in one relationship?
Imagine what
they say about you.
( sighs )
They don't even know I exist.
Ew!
Stalker-azzi at 3:00.
( scoffs )
The white zone is for
cool people only.
No geeks.
BOY:
Hey, uh, diner girl...
can I get a breakfast
burrito to go? Thank you.
And you thought they
didn't even know you existed.
That car's about
as old as that hat...
Right.
( bell ringing )
GIRLS:
Move... move...
Move, move...
Move...
Uh, hi.
Move.
Shelby, hey!
Hey, sister-friend!
Remind me again
why we tolerate them?
Because
they gave you
a Prada bag for
your birthday.
Try "Frauda" bag.
Totally fake.
( indistinct conversation )
( gasping )
Greetings.
Samantha, you look
absolutely stunning today,
as per usual.
Oh, thank you,
Terry.
( beeping )
Oh, if you'll excuse me.
I must get back
to my galaxy now.
Zion? Lieutenant
Terry here.
Hello?
Can you hear me?
Captain?
You're going
in and out.
Poor guy.
At least he's happy.
Oh, I copy.
Happy?!
The guy lives in
another world.
Sometimes fantasy is better
than reality, Carter.
( cell phone ringing )
( clears throat )
Speaking of fantasy.
I'll see you later.
Ah, yes,
the secret admirer beckons.
BOY'S VOICE:
Where have you been?
We haven't talked in ages.
We talked this morning.
I can't stop
thinking about you.
What's on your mind right now?
You... first.
Well, I'm thinking
that Professor
Rothman's dissected
one too many frogs.
♪ Whatever we talk about ♪
♪ Don't care where we go,
what we do, who you know ♪
♪ What you wear
or if your hair ♪
♪ Is blue
or purple or pink... ♪
( chuckles )
Laugh out loud.
Oh, I want to
hear your laugh.
When can we
finally meet?
( sighs )
( bell ringing )
♪ I just want
to be your... friend ♪
( beeps )
SAM:
Soon.
♪ I want to be your friend... ♪
AUSTIN:
How's your day so far?
( Sam groans )
SAM:
Raging stepmom, work,
and cool kids who can't
get over themselves.
Ever feel
like you don't belong?
AUSTIN:
Absolutely.
I can be surrounded
by a sea of people
and still feel all alone.
Then I think of you.
SAM:
Hey, Nomad, do you think
we've ever met?
AUSTIN:
I don't know.
Our school has over 3,500 kids.
SAM:
Well, that narrows it down.
( Austin chuckles )
AUSTIN:
Well, at least I can
eliminate the guys.
You're not a guy, right?
'Cause if you are,
I'll kick your butt.
SAM ( chuckles ):
I am not a guy.
Have you told your dad
about Princeton yet?
AUSTIN:
If only I could.
I haven't even told him
I want to be a writer.
SAM:
My father always encouraged me
to pursue my dreams.
AUSTIN:
Not mine.
He has a whole
nother plan for my life.
SAM:
It's 2:00 a.m.
We've been at this
for five hours.
AUSTIN ( chuckles ):
Well, I think
we broke our record.
SAM ( chuckles ):
We should turn in.
Sweet dreams.
AUSTIN:
Wait...
...I can't sleep without
knowing there's hope.
"Half the night
I waste in sighs.
"In a wakeful doze I sorrow
for the hand...
"For the hand...
"The lips...
"The lips....
"...the eyes...
for the meeting of tomorrow."
SAM:
Quoting Tennyson. Impressive.
AUSTIN:
Please meet me
at the Homecoming Dance.
I'll be waiting
for you at 11:00
in the middle
of the dance floor.
Sweet dreams.
( sighs )
Oh!
CARTER:
That was close.
Sam, this is great.
You're finally
going to be able to meet him.
I don't know; this guy
is too good to be true.
( grunts )
( whimpers )
Come on!
It's been, like, a month since
you met him in that Princeton
chat room, okay?
You talk to him
all the time-- you know him.
I know,
but he doesn't know me.
What if I meet him,
and I'm not what he expects?
Maybe this whole relationship's
just better for cyberspace.
( grunts )
Ow! Ow! Ow!
Listen.
Okay? You have to go
to that dance, okay?
Th-This Nomad guy
isn't going to be
in one place for long,
all right?
If it helps,
I'll be your escort.
Really?
Yeah.
You rock, Carter.
( phone rings )
Hello?
Sam? Some little brat got
into my salmon and ate it all.
I need more salmon!
And pick up my dry cleaning.
And wash the Jag.
( sighs )
Fiona.
One more pitch.
Why do you act like her slave?
Simple-- no Fiona,
no money for Princeton.
That sucks.
Tell me about it.
( exhales )
FIONA'S VOICE:
Nya-nya, nya-nya, nya-nya...
( Fiona-Ball screaming )
CARTER:
Hey, it's outta here!
( whooping )
Damn, a girl hit that!
See, now that's impressive.
So, what are you and Shelby
going to the dance as?
( sighs )
I don't know if I'm
going with Shelby.
You're not going to go
with Shelby?
Who else you gonna
go with?
I don't know.
It's a mystery to me.
Thank you!
You're welcome!
MR. AMES:
Okay, you guys,
come on, a little bit further,
a little bit.
There. Right there.
"30% off
for USC alumni."
AUSTIN:
Hey, Miguel. ¿Como esta?
( Miguel speaking Spanish )
Looks good, my friend.
Now, just make sure you
get these rims, all right?
He's a good guy.
Austin...
What's up?
What's with all those college
brochures in your bedroom?
What are you
doing in my room?
I'm just trying to
keep my options open.
You don't need any options.
It is all taken care of.
Look, son...
we have been working
on this program
since you were
nine years old.
You're going to go play
USC football,
you're going to graduate,
and then you're going to manage
this business with me.
Your future's set,
so don't mess with the plan,
all right?
Wouldn't think of it.
There's another
customer.
Go make 'em happy.
( worker whistles )
WORKER:
Yes, sir,
ease your car in...
Well, you need a wax.
Excuse me?
I meant the car.
Oh. Fine.
( car horn playing "Battle Hymn
of the Republic" )
( second car horn playing
"Dixie" )
Austin!
Hi! We need our
cars washed!
Yeah, look!
Dirt!
( girls giggling )
AUSTIN:
One second, ladies.
All right.
Take this inside
when you're done.
Thank you very much.
GABRIELLA:
Oh, my God.
He is an angel!
He's so cute!
I know it!
SAM:
So...
who'd you guys pay
to make your cars so dirty?
Excuse me?
Like, what are you,
the Dirt Police?
( laughs ):
Yeah!
The Dirt Police!
Like, excuse me, miss,
do you know how fast
your dirt was going?
You should've stopped
at the Dirt Police.
( sighs ):
Hmm.
You know, you should
really get going,
because our mom's
looking for you.
Well, where is she?
She's at home, baking.
( door closes )
SAM:
You wanted to see me?
Yes.
( gasps )
Oh, my...
Yeah, did you finish
your errands?
'Cause I need you
to head back
to the diner
and take the night shift.
Um, tonight's my night off,
and, um, it's-it's the Halloween
Dance at school, so...
I know,
but you need to stop being
so self-centered, Sam,
and start thinking of others,
and others need you
to go to the diner
and mop the floors tonight.
But I...
I really need to go
to this dance, Fiona.
I have to.
Come on, Sam, you need to earn
your tuition money for college.
You got to bus a lot of tables.
Fiona, I'm a straight-A student.
I work seven days a week,
and I'm taking extra AP classes.
I never ask you for anything.
Please,
let me go to
this dance.
( sighs )
Sweetheart,
now that you're
old enough,
there's something
I've always wanted to tell you,
and I think you're ready
to hear it.
You're not very pretty,
and you're not very bright.
I'm so glad we had that talk.
( sighs, lid crashes )
( screams )
♪ Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoo ♪
♪ I need your love... ♪
DAVID:
Hey, Austin, scoot over, bro.
MADISON:
Caitlyn, move over.
CAITLYN:
Give me a minute.
Ooh!
( gasps )
You're in my way.
Ooh, it must
be Halloween.
Look what just flew in--
the Wicked Witch
of the Valley.
( chuckling )
I'm going to be picking up
Gabriella and Brianna
at the Halloween Dance.
I'll be back by 12:00 sharp.
Okay.
( bell dinging )
Ooh! Still got room
in there, huh?
Well... if it isn't little
Betty Crocker from the 'hood.
Don't you have something
more important to do,
like cleaning toilets?
You know, I would,
but I'm too busy
running this place.
But be my guest.
Oh, I'm sorry, I can't, 'cause
I just got a $150 manicure.
Silver palm trees.
Ooh.
You know, keep it up, Fiona,
and I'm going to find
a place to put
my six-dollar pedicure.
Where are your skates?
That's part of
the uniform.
Fiona, if I wanted to look like
a clown, I'd join the circus.
If you were part of my circus,
I would have you cleaning
the elephant butts
with a Wet One.
I don't think you realize
that I could...
Fire me? Oh, please,
go right ahead,
and let's see how many customers
you have left when you do.
I am a very
appealing person.
( mumbling )
Yeah, in your head.
( door slams )
BOTH:
"I'm a very appealing person."
That woman can make
a nun swear.
Why do you think I'm
graduating a year early
so I can be 3,000 miles
away in Princeton?
You could get a scholarship
to the University of Mars,
and it still wouldn't be
far enough.
( chuckles )
Sammy, honey, I'm desperate.
Can you cover
that back booth for me?
I don't think I can
eat anything here.
But, I...
( sighs )
Why do I have the feeling
I won't be able to get
a Zone meal here?
I already ate.
Madison,
laxatives don't qualify
as a food group.
Surprised you didn't
know that.
SHELBY:
Stop it.
Well,
if it isn't diner girl.
What can I get you guys?
What can I get here
that has no sugar,
no carbs and is fat-free?
Water.
DAVID:
Water? Feisty.
Was that supposed
to be a joke?
It was funny.
I'll have a Vos.
Excuse me?
It's water
from Norway.
SHELBY:
She's the worst!
Sorry, we only have water
from the Valley.
Oh, well, then I'll
have an iced tea.
DAVID:
Make that two, and, uh,
you know, I'm still waiting
on that breakfast burrito,
diner girl.
DAVID:
Thank you.
She is so not
getting a tip.
Shelby, we really need
to talk... privately.
Oh, anything
you say to me,
you can say in
front of my peeps.
Okay.
I want to break up.
What?!
DAVID:
Ouch. Ooh.
RYAN:
That'll leave a mark.
Are you in love
with somebody else?
I think so.
DAVID:
What? Who, bro?
I don't know.
I mean, we can still be...
Don't say the
word "friends."
Now, fortunately
for you,
I'm going to overlook this
mental breakdown of yours.
Now, just chill out.
We're going to go get
ready for the dance,
and I'll see
you there, hmm?
DAVID:
Later, late.
Whoo...
That went well, bro.
Yeah, she took it well.
Good lookin' out.
Right.
Later, diner girl.
Too late.
Oh, don't worry
about it.
( sighs )
You know, those kids
remind me
of why I used to fight
in school.
Have no fear!
Zorro is here.
And he's got the keys
to his dad's Mercedes.
You're not going to the dance
dressed as a bus girl, are you?
Carter, I'm not going.
What? Wait, what do you mean,
you're not going?
Okay, sorry, sorry, uh...
what about... what about
Cyberdude?
"Cyberdude"?
Is he talking
about the boy
that's been sending
you those love notes?
Rhonda, they're not love notes.
They're e-mails.
Oh, okay.
Sam, if a man is taking
his time to write down
his feelings for you,
it's a love note.
You've got a secret admirer.
CARTER:
And he wants to meet her
tonight at the dance.
( gasps ):
What are you still doing here?
I'm obeying orders.
Sam, Sam, this is
your true love.
Well, true love is
going to have to wait.
Oh, girl, please, save all
that drama for the soap operas.
You are going to that dance.
You go ahead, girlfriend.
I can't go. If Fiona found out,
she would kill me
and then bring me back
to clean up the mess.
If she wants
to hurt you,
she's going to have to go
through me.
You go ahead, girlfriend,
do your thing.
Call me "girlfriend"
one more time.
Okay, sorry.
Sam, your dad
did not leave this earth
wanting you to be unhappy.
It's time for you
to find your own bliss,
starting with this dance.
Sam...
you need to listen
to Rhonda.
You're always studying.
You're always working.
You need to take some time
for yourself.
ELEANOR:
Yeah, why don't you go out
and bust a move?
Put your freak on!
Whatever it is
you kids do these days.
You know what?
You guys are right.
I never do anything for myself.
No, you don't.
And I deserve to have some fun.
That's right.
Yeah!
Right, girl! Yeah!
I am going to go
to that dance!
Okay, great!
And I am going to
meet my true love,
and I'm going to
dance all night.
All right!
( sighs ):
I can't go.
What?!
I don't have a costume.
Mm, but you will.
Are you coming, Zorro?
Yes, ma'am.
Vernon, Sam needs
a costume.
No, no, Rhonda,
I am closed.
Oh, come on, I'll give you
free breakfast for a week.
Make it a month.
There's got to be
something here.
( fast tempo pop melody
playing )
There is this one.
♪ I would like to mention... ♪
Ew.
( sighs )
Perfect.
♪ Always working... ♪
Ole!
No way.
♪ My future's bright,
and I'd ask you... ♪
CARTER:
Hey!
You're killing me here.
( imitating Porky Pig ):
Badee-bidee-bidee-bidee...
( laughing )
( humming hula melody )
Aloha.
No, no. I got something.
♪ What you're
putting me through ♪
♪ What have you done
to me, now... ♪
( sneezes )
ALL:
Bless you.
♪ My bed is wet,
don't know how... ♪
Rhonda, this is hopeless.
Oh!
Vernon, let me see
that mask.
I don't have an outfit
that goes with that.
Yeah, but I do.
( Carter humming )
Hmm.
Rhonda, you sure do have a knack
for taking something simple
and making it beautiful.
Well, you ain't seen
nothing yet.
( chuckles )
( sighs )
I was saving this dress for
my next attempt down the aisle.
Hmm?
Long story.
( gasps ):
It's beautiful.
Rhonda,
I can't wear that.
Yes, you can,
and you will.
That dress has been
in that box so long,
it deserves a night out.
Let's go.
RHONDA:
This is going to look
so good on you.
( fast pop melody fades in )
♪ ...Na-na-na,
na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
♪ Na-na-na, na-na-na-na,
♪ Na-na-na, na-na-na,
na-na-na-na-na-na-na... ♪
ASTRID:
Welcome, North Valley
High School seniors,
to the annual Halloween
Homecoming Dance.
Tonight, our panel
of esteemed teachers
will use their years
of higher education
to choose our Homecoming Prince
and Princess.
In true L.A. fashion,
it's not about
who you are,
it's about what you wear!
Are you ready to crank it up?
Yeah!
♪ Good times! Yeah... ♪
♪ I said we're gonna have
some good, good, good... ♪
I cannot believe I put
you in charge of costumes.
I told you Siamese cats,
not Siamese... twins!
Are we having
a cat fight?
( sighs )
( screaming )
( grunting )
( groaning )
( sneezes )
( groans )
What up, guys?
What up?
Sorry about your costume
getting lost, Austin.
It's all good,
my friends.
No, it's not all good, bro.
Now we don't get to be
the Three Musketeers.
You get to be Prince Charming,
and we're the two wimps in wigs.
♪ I know what you really want ♪
♪ I know what you really need ♪
♪ Now, do it up... ♪
Sam, will you take
the cape off already?
You look amazing.
I'm sorry, I'm just
freaking out here.
Well, listen, it's going
to be okay, all right?
Now, hurry up.
It's almost 11:00.
Carter, wait.
Remember, I have to be back
at in the diner by 12:00, okay?
Uh, uh, okay, give me
your cell phone.
( sighs )
Come on, come on,
cell phone.
Okay. Um... all right.
I'm going to set
the alarm
for quarter
to 12:00, okay?
Okay.
All right.
All right. There.
Now give me the cape.
Come on, it's time.
( medium-tempo pop intro plays )
♪ Woke up
around a half-past noon ♪
♪ Can't believe I'm late again ♪
♪ Grabbed my jeans off the
floor, then I hit the door ♪
♪ Just the same ol' same ♪
♪ Goes to show
you never know... ♪
Sam, what are they all
staring...?
♪ Everything's about to change ♪
♪ Just another day ♪
♪ That started out
like any other ♪
♪ Just another girl
who took my breath away ♪
♪ Then she turned around ♪
♪ Took me down ♪
♪ And just another day ♪
♪ And I had the best day
of my life ♪
♪ Started out like any other ♪
♪ Just another girl
who took my breath away ♪
♪ Then she turned around ♪
♪ Took me down ♪
♪ And just another day ♪
♪ And I had the best day
of my life... ♪
Love her dress; hate her.
( dance music playing )
Sam...
don't worry, okay?
Any guy would have to be
completely insane not
to like you, all right?
I'm just going to be standing
right over here, okay?
♪ ♪
Do you know
you're standing
precisely in the middle
of the dance floor?
Fate has brought us
together, right here,
at this anointed hour,
under the shimmering
disco ball.
Terry... are you Nomad?
Nomad?
Indeed.
I have traveled through
time and space to find you.
Now join me
in the mating dance of Zion.
Wow. Terry, that's nice.
( high-pitched cooing )
Hey, I know that
girl from somewhere.
Uh, uh...
I'm-I'm thirsty-- I-I
got to get some punch.
Some libations
for the fair maiden?
Your wish is my command.
Mm.
I knew this was too good
to be true.
( sighs )
Princeton Girl?
Austin Ames?
You're Nomad?
Yeah, uh, I guess
my costume
doesn't do a very good job
at hiding who I am.
No, I... I know
exactly who you are.
I'm sorry.
This was a really
big mistake.
I've got to go.
Wait. Wait!
Wait.
It's not a mistake.
Don't you know who I am?
Of course I do.
You're Princeton Girl.
You're the girl
I've been waiting to meet.
I know exactly who you are.
What's your name?
TERRY:
Your sweet libations,
my lady.
Mr. Anderson.
( sighs ):
Austin Ames
with the lady.
A devastating blow!
A worthy opponent.
What about your girlfriend?
It's over.
♪ ...Your lady,
forever and ever, baby ♪
♪ The picture
wouldn't be the same ♪
♪ With no one standin'
next to me ♪
♪ Can't you see I'm fallin'... ♪
So, I guess
you were expecting
some guy who hangs out
at Starbucks
and writes poetry.
Something like that.
Come on, you're
Austin Ames.
You're football captain
and student body president
and... closet poet?
You can't be both guys.
I'm not.
Well, then, who are you?
On September 7, I wrote you:
"I live in a world
full of people
"pretending to be something
they're not,
but when I talk to you..."
"I'm the guy I want to be."
Give me a chance to be that guy.
Do you mind joining me
for a stroll outside?
If you want to be voted
Homecoming Prince,
you better stay inside
and be seen, you know?
I really don't care about
becoming Homecoming Prince.
( sighs )
♪ Head over heels for you ♪
♪ So in love with you ♪
♪ In love... for you ♪
♪ Touch me ♪
♪ Hold me ♪
♪ Hold me... ♪
( laughs quietly )
So, Princeton Girl,
would you tell me who you
are if I guessed it right?
Maybe.
Maybe?
Well, how about we
play "20 Questions"?
How about ten?
Well, I'll take
what I can get.
Okay, first question:
You do actually go to North
Valley High School, right?
Of course.
Well, I'm just checking.
I mean, you never know
with the Internet.
Okay, next question.
Were you disappointed
when you found out
that I was Nomad?
Be honest.
Surprisingly, no.
Did you vote for me
for student body president?
Surprisingly, yes.
Really? Hmm.
Okay, I got it.
All right, given the choice,
would you rather have
a rice cake or a Big Mac?
A Big Mac.
( laughs ):
What does that matter?
Well, I like a girl
with a hearty appetite.
And besides, you
just eliminated
about 50% of the
girls in our class.
( laughs )
You think I'd
remember those eyes.
They're so beautiful.
Um... next question.
What's up, doll?
What are you
supposed to be?
A Three Musketeer.
You don't look like a candy bar.
Right. Look, now that
you and Austin are toast,
okay, why don't we
have our own
little party?
Ew!
Back off, David!
Come on, Shelby,
I know you like me.
I know...
I know it.
No! Stop it! No!
Come on. Come on.
No! Stop it!
Stop!
The lady said stop!
( chuckling ):
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
Give me that!
Oh, God.
DAVID:
I think I just saw
your life flash
before your eyes.
Oh, yeah?
Well, did you see the
part where I run away?
( girls gasp )
That was awesome!
DAVID:
Oh, you're dead, taco boy!
Ladies.
DAVID:
You're mine!
( Carter speaking Spanish
frantically )
( people gasping,
Carter whimpers )
( thud )
Ha-ha-ha!
Whoo! Whoo!
It's over, dude!
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
Well, I hate
to tell you this, dude,
but I starred
in "Pirates of Penzance"
three summers in a row.
Oh, yeah?
Say hello to Act Two,
Scene One.
( grunts )
( scattered laughter )
( whispering )
( owl hoots in distance )
Wow.
( chuckles )
If I ask you to dance, does
that count as a question?
There's no music.
So?
( laughs, sighs )
( crickets chirping softly )
( guitar plays softly )
( both laugh )
( guitar accompanies
violin melody )
♪ ♪
♪ The strands in your eyes ♪
♪ That color them wonderful ♪
♪ Stop me and steal my breath ♪
♪ Emeralds from mountains ♪
♪ Thrust towards the sky ♪
♪ Never revealing their depth ♪
♪ And I'll be ♪
♪ Your cryin' shoulder ♪
♪ I'll be love's suicide ♪
♪ And I'll be ♪
♪ Better when I'm older ♪
♪ I'll be ♪
♪ The greatest fan
of your life... ♪
All out of questions?
Do you believe in love
at first sight?
( violin and guitar continue )
I'll let you know.
( laughs softly )
But I've seen you before.
Yes.
Man, how could I have
seen you before...
and not know
who you are now?
Maybe you were looking,
but you weren't really seeing.
Hey, you've got
one more question left.
( quietly ):
Okay.
( laughing )
Do you, Princeton girl,
feel like you made
the right choice
meeting me here tonight?
I do.
And do you, Austin Ames,
ever want to see me again
after tonight?
Well, I'd have to
think about that.
( grunts, chuckles )
Absolutely.
( song ends )
( alarm beeping )
( sighs ):
Oh, not now.
What?
I've got to go.
What, do you have a
curfew or something?
Something like that.
I'm sorry.
But thank you.
This has been the most
amazing night. ( sighs )
Wait, where are you going?
I'm late.
For what?
Reality.
( dance music blares )
( needle scratches,
music stops )
I was right in the middle
of a power jam, Mrs. Wells.
You just totally
harshed my mellow.
You'll get over it
and live.
Hello! Yoo-hoo!
It is almost midnight,
and that means it's
time to announce
who we have
selected...
What's up, dawg?
Dave, Dave, have you seen
the girl I was with?
No, I haven't seen her,
but you missed it, dude,
I just beat some kid's
butt-- it was crazy.
MRS. WELLS:
And now, the moment you've all
been waiting for.
Carter?!
Your new North Valley High
Carter, Carter,
come on.
Homecoming prince
and princess
are...
Come on, I'm gonna be late.
Prince Charming
and Cinderella!
It's you, bro!
( laughs ):
It's you!
My dear, I-I must
bid you adieu.
I'm sorry.
A what?
Ad-- I got to go.
I-I'm sorry. I got...
( sighs )
Bravo!
MRS. WELLS:
Cinderella's
playing hard to get.
( cheering and whooping )
( cheering continues
in background )
( sighs )
I almost kissed
Austin Ames!
I totally, totally
kissed Shelby Cummings!
Wait, wait, wait,
so-so what did, uh,
what did he say when
he found out that you were you?
He didn't say, 'cause
he didn't find out.
You didn't tell him?
Why not?
Carter, I live
in an attic, okay?
I drive a beat-up old car,
and he's expecting...
Malibu Barbie.
I'll be doing him a favor
if I just disappear.
GABRIELLA:
Shotgun!
BRIANNA:
Ow! No, I'm shotgun!
Get in, already!
Stop pulling!
Where are your crowns?
Where are your prizes?
Winners get prizes.
We didn't win, Mom.
Some girl stole it from us.
( groans )
I am very, very, very,
very upset about this.
You don't... look upset.
Oh, it's the Botox.
I can't show emotion
for another hour and a half.
I told you she wanted me bad.
Carter, just drive.
( tires screech )
Spam?!
BRIANNA & GABRIELLA:
Mom!
It's Sam!
BRIANNA & GABRIELLA:
Over there!
( chuckles ):
Hi! Uh....
Mrs. Montgomery.
Mom, she was there!
She's in the car!
We saw her, Mom!
That's ridiculous.
She's working tonight.
She would never
disobey me.
She was there!
She was with that boy!
In the car!
I saw her, too!
FIONA:
Shut your cat face!
Did they see me?
No, I don't
think so, but the wannabe
Olsen twins might have.
( horn honking )
( honking continues )
Carter, I know you want
to take care of this car,
but, please, can you step on it?
In case you
haven't noticed,
I'm already going 38
in a 35-mile zone, Sam,
so can you just
lay off, please?
GABRIELLA:
Come on, catch up to them!
Mother, will you speed up?
We've got to beat Sam
back to the diner!
Shut up, girls.
We'll be back at the diner
soon enough.
GABRIELLA:
Soon enough isn't soon enough!
( tires screeching )
What are you doing?!
Take your paw
off the gas!
I can't! It's stuck!
( screaming )
( screaming continues )
( horns honking,
tires screeching )
SAM:
Go, go!
Carter, you could have
totally made that light.
Uh, FYI, Sam,
yellow means "slow down,"
okay, not "speed up."
I need
The Fast and the Furious,
not Driving Miss Daisy.
( tires screeching nearby )
( Fiona, Gabriella and Brianna
screaming )
BRIANNA:
We're gonna die...!
Was that...?
Uh-huh.
( screaming continues )
Stop! Stop!
( horns beeping and honking )
( screaming continues )
( tires screeching )
( gasping and panting )
Uh-oh.
I think I need to use
the litter box.
GABRIELLA:
Ew...
Oh, my God.
My face is back.
( R&B music playing
in background )
Ha! I told you
she wasn't here!
Uh-huh, nope, nope.
Where is Sam?
What do you mean,
where's Sam?
Where do you think she is?
She better be here.
Uh, Fiona, I was gonna
talk to you
about something
that I really...
Fiona, wait!
Oh. Um...
I want to get
my breasts done.
Where did you get those?
San Diego.
Excuse me.
Did-did you notice how
shiny the floors are
since we switched
to Mr. Clean?
( chuckles ):
What are you, a commercial?
FIONA:
Click.
Ooh, Mommy, oh!
Fiona, I'm so glad
you're here,
because, uh,
wuh... the fish!
Nemo is no mo'.
Smell.
You know, Fiona, there's
a tear in one of the booths...
Right!
And we were gonna tell you...
( others talking at once )
What am I supposed to do
with a dead fish?
Everyone shut up!
When I find her,
I'm gonna wring her...
( bell dings )
Orders up.
Sam... what are you
doing back there?
Um, just working
on my cooking skills.
Yeah, I was teaching her
to make pancakes
with salmon.
How was the dance, girls?
You know, something
stinks around here...
and it's not the fish.
You're gonna get it.
Come on, girls.
( groans )
We made it.
And not a scratch.
( squeaking )
Ow! You bit me!
Girls, come on.
You dummy!
The car smells
like bad cheese.
Don't get your dirty paws
all over me.
( tires screech, girls gasp )
( clank )
( two short gasps )
What is he doing here?
( soft gasp )
Tonight must be my lucky night.
Okay.
( metal screeches )
( creaking and squeaking )
Oh!
( screaming )
( crackling, glass shattering )
( crackling and popping )
( screaming continues )
( whimpering )
Mrs. Montgomery...
...your sign hit my...
( zapping, crackling )
( softly ):
...car.
( thud )
ASTRID ( over p.a. ):
Gozai imas, Fighting Frogs.
Here's your daily
drought reminder:
Only flush for number two.
Austin Ames was crowned
Prince of the Homecoming Dance.
Whoo, big shocker there.
Didn't see that one coming.
But the real mystery, though,
is, who was his princess?
SAM:
How long are you grounded for?
CARTER:
Well, how long is forever?
So, you're not gonna
tell Austin?
Come on, Carter, it's not like
he's gonna be pining for me.
Trust me, he's forgotten
all about Cinderella by now.
( gasps softly )
Oh.
CARTER:
Yeah, he's obviously
forgotten all about you.
( chuckles )
DAVID:
Dude, why are you going
through all this trouble
for one chick?
Look, she's not just
some chick, all right?
She was... real.
Real. Like,
she still had her old nose.
No, real.
You know, like the kind of girl
who has more on her mind
than what she wears, or how much
weight she wants to lose.
She listens to me, you know?
Oh, listens to you?
Hey, brother,
I listen to you, okay?
I feel your pai... Whoo.
DAVID:
Hello, kitty.
Yeah. You're
a great listener.
RYAN:
Look, man, you found
her cell phone-- you just got
to get some clue from that.
The phone's locked.
All I keep getting
is these text messages,
like "I need you"
and "Come see me now."
Oh, dude, it's so hot!
See, that's
what I thought.
Until I got one that said,
"Come fix fryer."
Oh, dude!
That's hot and
kinky, baby!
You know what I'm saying?
Can I get one?
Let me get a pound, baby.
Sam, he's looking
for you everywhere.
You got to tell
him it was you.
Isn't it better
just to cling
to the dream
of what might have been
instead of ruining
everything with reality?
Well, I mean, you can't
hide from him forever.
Not forever--
just until graduation,
when I leave this place
and never see him again.
Okay, so what about you,
Zorro?
When are you gonna
tell Shelby?
Well, I... I've been thinking
about doing just that,
as a matter of fact.
Right. Okay,
so the day you tell Shelby
it was you,
I'll tell Austin it was me.
Deal.
Well, look in the
yearbook again, bro.
Maybe you missed her.
Maybe she's
foreign exchange.
That's hot. Totally.
That's like...
that's like Le Hot.
Look, there's no way
I missed her.
I mean, we had a connection.
Oh!
Thanks.
Geez, are you okay?
Ow!
GABRIELLA:
Keep your legs straight.
Straighter, straighter.
What are you doing?!
Brianna!
After the flip, it's
the Butterfly Rollover!
No, it's not!
It's the Mermaid Plunge!
Yes!
Oh, my God.
I cannot wait for
my solo career!
When are we going solo?
He was so mysterious.
But really obvious
at the same time.
I mean, kind of dangerous,
but very safe.
And wild, but... but tame.
( chuckling )
GIRL:
I'm gonna go change!
I cannot believe you're gonna
tell Shelby it was you.
Sam, once she realizes that
she's found her Zorro,
okay, she'll be thrilled.
Now, watch and learn.
Good luck.
And, oh, my God,
when I kissed him...
Enough already.
Madison, I think
somebody's got
a green monster on their back
called Mr. Jealousy.
Shelby...
baby, what's up?
And you are...?
( chuckling )
Yeah. Allow me...
to refresh your memory.
Zorro.
Ugh! You mean, Zero!
Who is he?
That's Carter Farrell.
He's the guy you
cheat off of in Algebra Two.
The freak who hums
show tunes?
( nervous laugh )
Mmm.
I'm in front!
Quit it!
Sorry!
Listen, last night
I had a very bad cold,
and I drank
a whole bottle of Nyquil.
I-I just wasn't myself.
But... I thought we had,
like, a... a connection.
Okay.
We don't have anything.
We are from completely
different classes of human.
Now, let's just go back
to our usual lives,
where we only mingle
when I copy you
in Algebra Two, 'kay?
( Brianna and Gabriella
arguing )
( mocking ):
'Kay?
( both screaming )
( laughter )
BRIANNA:
Was that good?
( shoes sloshing )
You all right?
If she thinks she's still
cheating off me, she's crazy.
AUSTIN:
Guys, I don't know about this.
DAVID:
Come on!
Just trust us.
Look, we asked every girl
we could find
if they were with you
at the dance.
( screaming )
Here's the ones that said yes.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Austin, remember, it was me
on the cell phone?!
( squealing )
Guys, come on.
Down here.
( "Dating Game" theme plays )
Okay! Austin Ames,
let's bring out
Bachelorette Number One.
She's a transfer
from Woodland Hills,
enjoys collecting puka shells,
long walks on the beach
and getting tubed.
Pleased to me you, Missy.
What's up, Boston?
Thanks for coming, Missy.
See ya, dude.
You're dead.
Okay!
Okay, let's bring out
Bachelorette Number Two.
This little filly's
into barbells,
World War II and protein shakes.
Here's Helga.
Thank you.
DAVID:
You are so dead.
Okay, okay,
next up is, uh, is...
Look, enough, enough.
Guys, come on.
( music stops )
Look, you're beautiful, okay.
But I'm not your prince.
You'll meet him someday,
but it's not me.
Thanks, Austin.
Uh-oh,
late entry.
David, you stop it right now.
You're a bad boy.
And that is a terrible shirt.
Everybody, back to your class.
Hi, Ryan.
( singsongy ):
Don't want that.
Don't want that,
don't want that.
Oh-ho...
( gasps ):
Accepted?
Oh, this won't do.
Hey. Anything in
the mail for me?
Oh, uh, actually, there's
a personalized letter here
from Ed McMahon saying you
just won a million dollars.
( chuckles )
Don't spend it all
in one place.
( chuckling )
Oh...
AUSTIN:
I need to know who you are.
I can't take my mind off you.
Please tell me who you are.
( sighs ):
Okay.
My name is...
Sam!
( sighs )
I guess you missed the
"Do not disturb" sign.
No, I saw it.
( chuckles )
So, you almost done
with my report?
It's due Friday.
I'm working on it.
Well, hurry up.
It makes me nervous
to have to wait for it.
Imagine how nervous you'd be
if you actually had to write it.
Oh... my God, you're right.
So, this time,
could you try to make
it sound more like me?
I mean, I'm so sick
of having to explain
why I sound
so smart on paper
and so not smart...
not on paper.
FIONA ( over speaker ):
Sam? Can you come downstairs?
I'll be right there.
Now!
I'll be right back.
Hurry up.
( sighs )
( sucks teeth, clicks tongue )
Hm-hm!
Huh.
Who the heck is Nomad?
( sighs ):
"Cinderella,
"are you not talking to me
"'cause you freaked
when you found out I'm...
Austin Ames"?!
Sam is Cinderella?
Oh...
Wow.
I got in.
Austin!
Austin.
What?
What's going on?
Nothing.
Let me guess.
You're thinking,
is USC really the
right choice for me?
Well, yeah.
I've been thinking a lot
about this, and...
Don't worry about it.
You're making the right choice.
All right?
Okay...
It's me, Austin.
It's... Cinderella.
From the dance.
Oh! You found me!
( chuckles )
Oh, no.
"You see, Austin,
I live in this world..."
"...full of people pretending
to be something they're not."
"Pretending..."
"I miss you.
I don't want..."
AUSTIN:
I got it.
How you doing?
Good.
( sighs deeply )
Regular wash?
No. More like
the royal treatment.
I mean, that's what
Cinderella would want.
What did you just say?
I'm her, Austin.
I'm Cinderella, your dream girl.
You see, I live
in a world full of...
You!
What are you doing here?
( sighs )
Well, I'm Cinderella.
Coming to meet my prince.
Well, that's a little hard
considering I'm Cinderella.
I mean, I'm the
most Cinderella-y
Cinderella
there ever was!
Mm-mm!
Okay, ladies, ladies,
ladies, ladies.
Look, I can settle this,
all right?
The girl that I met
at the dance,
she dropped something
on her way out.
What was it?
Oh, that's easy.
A wallet.
No.
Uh, I-I... I meant
a... a wallet-purse.
No.
Oh!
A fish!
A fish.
It was the first thing
that popped into my head
and you said "wallet-purse"!
What is that?
Austin?!
Wow.
Look what you did!
See?
You always ruin
everything!
I was supposed to be Cinderella.
I'm the oldest!
Oh! By a minute
and 26 seconds!
And you never
let me forget it!
( grunts )
Well, maybe this
will help you remember.
( yells )
Come here! Brianna!
( screaming )
You're dead!
I'm gonna kill you!
Bri?
Oh! No...!
I'm gonna kill you!
Get off!
( loud squeak )
That's for
stealing my idea!
Hey, Dad, isn't
that our car?
( giggles )
I hate you!
( girls screaming )
( buzzer sounding )
Oh, no!
Not the...
BOTH:
...hot wax!
( distant screams,
buzzer sounding )
( screams and buzzer stop )
( bell dings )
( door opens )
( slow romantic ballad
playing on jukebox )
Bobby, can I get
two BLTs?
BOBBY:
It's coming.
( no audio )
( clears throat )
Hey.
Can I get you something?
Do you know
what bugs me?
People taking your order?
No. Taking
people's orders.
Why would you do that?
Hah. You don't
know my dad.
Ugh. Sushi and donuts?
Who does that?
I'll take a coffee.
Thank you.
MAN:
Uh, excuse me, miss?
Do you ever feel like
if you show someone
who you really are,
they won't accept you?
Yeah. I do.
Like... being yourself
isn't good enough.
Right.
Like you're wearing a mask.
That's exactly how I feel.
You just want to be honest
with this person
and tell them, "It's me.
I'm the one that you've been
looking for."
Yeah.
Austin...
I'm...
Sam!
One second.
No, now.
( sighs )
No, it's cool.
I gotta bounce.
Oh.
Thank you... very much, Sam.
You're welcome.
ASTRID ( over p.a. ):
Bonjour, Fighting Frogs.
Here's your daily
drought reminder:
Don't hose your lawn,
your car...
or anybody else,
for that matter.
And remember, tickets for
the big game go on sale...
GABRIELLA:
And then she told us that...
( sniffs )
she was going to try
to steal Austin away from you
if that was
the last thing she did.
Our stepsister has always
been jealous of you.
( blows nose loudly )
Go on.
Well, that's when
she invented this whole...
Cinderella plot.
She got ahold of Austin's
e-mail address and,
and that's when she started
the whole affair.
And we wanted to
tell you sooner,
but she threatened
to kill us.
She's such a monster.
Look, if you
don't believe us,
look at the e-mails.
She goes by
"Princeton Girl 818,"
but her real name
is Sam Montgomery.
And we're Brianna
and Gabriella.
So that...
little boyfriend stealer
thinks she can pull
a fast one on me?
Well, we'll just see about that.
Austin was really late today
and asked me if you'd
read this announcement.
( mike feedback squeals )
"Cinderella..
"if you're listening,
your prince wants to rendezvous
with you after the pep rally."
Nothing like a pep rally
to warm up our prince.
( bell rings )
Carter!
I talked to him.
And not as Cinderella.
I talked to him
as me, Sam,
and he didn't hate me.
Do it-- so, so you
told him everything?
No, not everything.
Not the part about
me being Cinderella.
But I'm gonna go tell him
right after the pep rally.
You coming, cowboy?
What, so you think I look
like a real cowboy in this?
Sure.
( crowd cheering, band playing )
( band playing, crowd cheering )
( band playing )
Who we gonna beat?
CROWD:
The Lancers!
And when we gonna beat 'em?
CROWD:
Friday!
Good news, buddy.
I just got off the
phone with Hank Cole.
You play well on Friday
and your future is
set at USC football.
Who's gonna get it done?
That's great, Dad.
CROWD:
The Frogs!
And who's gonna
lead us to victory?!
CROWD:
Austin!
COACH:
I can't hear you!
Kill the Lancers!
( cheering )
The, uh, cheerleaders have
put together a little skit
to help get us in the spirit.
( cheering, applause )
Thank you.
"Once upon a time, there was
a big, strong Fighting Frog.
"He had a beautiful girlfriend
and his dad owned the biggest
pond in all the land."
( laughter )
"But he still wasn't happy."
Aw...!
"If only he could find
a princess,
"then she could kiss him,
turn him into a prince
and they would run away
together."
( laughter )
( cowbell clangs )
"One night,
"after the slimy frog
ditches his super-hot-
"senior-poll-
most-popular girlfriend,
he meets his princess."
Your Highness.
( laughing, cheering )
"Alas, it turned out
"that our frog not only
had a secret identity,
"but also had a secret
e-mail relationship
with a pen pal named
Princeton Girl."
( crowd murmuring )
This isn't good.
Dear Princeton Girl,
I can't wait until till
we finally get to meet.
You're the only one
who understands the real me.
The me who doesn't
want to play USC football,
but who wants to be
at Princeton, with you.
What are they
talking about?
Nothing.
Dear Nomad,
I want you to know who
I am but... I'm scared!
I'm scared that
you'll reject me.
And...
I've never had
a real kiss before.
Aw...!
I can't believe that
they're reading my e-mails.
Sam, let's go.
"But our princess
had a secret, too.
"She wasn't royalty at all,
but a geek, a loser,
a servant girl."
( squeals )
( jeers, laughter )
Any ideas about this?
( chuckles )
And who, may you ask,
is this impostor?
Give it up for
the pretend princess,
diner girl, Sam Montgomery!
CROWD ( chanting ):
Diner girl!
Diner girl! Diner girl!
( chanting ):
Come on.
Diner girl! Diner girl!
CROWD:
( crying )
( knocking on door )
FIONA:
Sam!
( crying ):
Go away!
But, Sam, you've got
a letter from Princeton.
What does it say?
I didn't get in.
( gasps )
Oh, no!
Oh, and you studied
so hard.
I can't believe that I actually
thought I had a chance.
Oh, Sam,
I'm heartbroken.
Oh, life can be so unfair.
Well, just look at
the bright side.
You have a job at the diner
for the rest of your life.
You want a cookie?
Mm, they're so moist.
( crying )
( medium-tempo
acoustic guitar intro plays )
♪ In these eyes ♪
♪ More than words ♪
♪ More than anything
that I've spoken ♪
♪ As the skies turn to gray ♪
♪ My heart's just about
to crack open ♪
♪ So the story goes ♪
♪ There's something
you should know ♪
♪ Before I walk away
and I blow the ending ♪
♪ I never thought
I'd be without you ♪
♪ Oh, no, here I go, now you
know what I feel about you ♪
♪ And no one else ♪
♪ I must've been wrong
to want you ♪
♪ Oh, no... ♪
People like her don't belong
in our world, Austin.
♪ And I'm calling,
so now you know... ♪
( music continues )
( typing )
♪ There you go. ♪
( song ends )
Sam, what are you doing?
I'm trying to get
these floors clean.
Come on, sweetie,
get up.
What I meant is, what are
you doing with your life?
I'm Diner Girl.
I'm doing what
diner girls do, Rhonda.
Baby, what's
gotten into you?
You don't even realize
how blessed you are.
Look, you've got a whole
family behind you.
We have faith in you.
And you gotta have
faith in yourself.
( glass shatters )
Mother, Sam just
ruined your wall.
FIONA:
What?!
Oh, yes, you did.
Well, that's gonna come out
of your paycheck.
( sighs )
And cover up those stupid words.
"Never let the fear
of striking out
keep you from playing the game."
All right.
Well, I'm going off
to get some more lipo.
Come on, girls.
Sam, we need you to clean
the pool tonight.
No.
( sighs )
Excuse me?
You heard me.
I quit.
I quit this job,
I quit your family,
and I'm moving out.
( Fiona gasps )
( laughs )
Oh, and, uh,
where you gonna live?
With me.
You can't just walk out on me.
( chuckles )
You know what, Fiona?
You can mess with your hair
and your nose and your face,
and you can even mess
with my dad's diner,
but you're through
messing with me.
Wait up, Sam.
You take one more step
and you're fired.
Oh, no, that won't be necessary
because I quit, too.
And you know what?
The only reason why
I stayed around
and put up with you for all
these years is because
of that girl--
and now that
she's free of you,
there is nothing stopping me
from kicking your butt.
Oh, come on, no.
Not my face, it's much newer
than the girls'.
Go for the girls!
Mom!
BRIANNA:
No, don't!
SAM:
Rhonda? Rhonda!
She's not even worth it.
( grunts )
( screams loudly )
You're right.
You know what?
I quit, too.
Me, too.
Hey, Rhonda, Eleanor, hold up.
I need a ride.
See ya.
Well...
Send me a bill.
Fiona actually thought that
you were gonna slug her.
I was gonna do
more than that.
I had no idea that
you were that tough.
Yeah, but I always knew
that you were.
Rhonda...
( sighs )
...are you sure
that this is okay?
Sam, I wouldn't have it
any other way.
( sighs )
I haven't felt this much at home
in such a long time.
( chuckling ):
I'm sure,
compared to the Addams Family.
( laughs )
What's on your mind?
I got to do something tonight.
Don't wait up for me, okay?
( rock music playing )
ANNOUNCER ( over p.a. ):
Welcome to the start
of tonight's game
between the South Bay Lancers
and the North Valley
Fighting Frogs!
♪ Bump it, boy,
it goes boom, boom! ♪
♪ You know I like it when... ♪
ANNOUNCER:
A big welcome
to all returning alumni
to tonight's 38th annual
Homecoming Game!
( yells )
( shrieks )
( indistinct conversation )
BOY:
Chick at 3:00!
Hey, Diner Girl!
What's she doing
in here?
Mmm, all right.
( wolf whistle )
Sam...
Okay, I know that you think
that I'm just some...
Coward? Phony?
Okay, just listen.
No, you listen.
You turned out to be exactly
who I thought you were.
I never pretended
to be somebody else.
It's been me all along,
and it was me who was
hurt in front of everybody.
( boy coughs )
Look...
I didn't come here
to yell at you, okay?
I came to tell you that
I know what it feels like
to be afraid to
show who you are.
I was, but I'm not anymore.
And the thing is,
is I really don't care
what people think about me,
because I believe in myself.
And I know that things
are gonna be okay.
But even though
I have no family
and no job and no
money for college,
it's you that I
feel sorry for.
DAVID:
Heads up.
Yo, five minutes.
I'm coming.
I know that guy that
sent those e-mails
is somewhere down
inside of you,
but I can't wait for him,
( voice breaking ):
because waiting for you
is like waiting for
rain in this drought:
useless and disappointing.
Sam!
Ooh! Fizzle!
( team murmuring )
( sighs )
Sam!
Hey! W-What are
you doing here?
Rhonda told me
where you might be.
I thought you could
use a friend.
Come here.
( sighs )
Sam, I'm so proud of you.
You did... your stepmom
and Austin all in one day!
How do you feel?
Uh, I'll let you know
when I can catch my breath.
( chuckles ):
Let's do something tonight.
Well, I was actually, uh...
thinking about going...
( chuckling ):
to... the game, uh...
but I understand if you
don't want to do that.
No, I'll go.
Really. You'll go to the game.
Yeah. I can handle it now.
It'll be our first and last.
And, besides, if I don't go,
who else is gonna explain
the game to you?
( chuckles )
Yeah.
I like what
you're wearing.
Hmm? Yeah?
What character
are you today?
Myself.
I think it's
your best look.
Thank you.
ANNOUNCER:
Come on, everybody.
Weren't they great?
Let's hear it for them.
Let's give our cheerleaders
a big hand!
Make some noise!
Yeah!
Austin and I are
almost back together.
I mean, it isn't official
or anything, but, uh, it's on.
( giggling )
Sorry, guys.
Sorry.
ANNOUNCER:
Okay, everybody,
get ready...
here they come!
I'm glad you came, Sam.
The defending regional
conference champions,
your very own
North Valley Fighting Frogs!
( cheering )
( whooping )
( marching band playing )
ANNOUNCER:
Both the Lancers and the Frogs
enter the game
tied for the lead
in the conference standings.
The winner of tonight's game
will advance to the playoffs
for the state championship.
Austin! Austin...
All right, buddy.
This is the big one,
all right?
You stay focused
and win it.
Everyone is counting
on you, all right?
MAN:
Andy!
Oh, hey, Chuck!
How you doing, pal?
( players grunting )
PLAYER:
Do it again.
( grunts )
One more time.
( whistle blows )
( grunts )
♪ There's no one in town
I know ♪
♪ You gave us someplace to go ♪
( grunting )
♪ I never said thank you
for that ♪
Down, set...!
♪ I thought I might get
one more chance ♪
Hut!
♪ What would you think ♪
♪ Of me now? ♪
( whistle blows )
♪ So lucky, so strong,
so proud... ♪
ANNOUNCER:
The clock is stopped
with nine seconds
left in the game.
The Frogs need
one touchdown to win.
I love football!
Whoo! I love football!
Whoo-hoo!
♪ Now I'll never have a chance ♪
♪ May angels lead you in... ♪
CROWD ( chanting ):
Austin, Austin, Austin...
♪ Hear you me, my friends ♪
♪ On sleepless roads
the sleepless go... ♪
Carter?
I thought that I could handle
this, but I really can't.
I'm gonna go.
CROWD ( chanting ):
Austin, Austin, Austin...
You know what?
I'll tell you how it ends, okay?
( chanting continues )
( indistinct shouting )
♪ So, what would you think
of me now? ♪
This is the one,
this is the one, Austin.
This is the one.
♪ So lucky,
so strong, so proud ♪
♪ I never said thank you
for that... ♪
Sorry, boys.
Where's he going?
What are you doing?
What's he...?
♪ May angels lead you in... ♪
( cheering )
What's the problem?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hey! What are you doing?
I'm outta here.
What?! You're throwing
away your dream!
No, Dad.
I'm throwing away yours.
♪ May angels lead you in... ♪
It's your game now.
Go get 'em.
MR. AMES:
Where are you going? Austin!
Austin!
ANNOUNCER:
Substituting for Ames
is number 23, Ryan Hanson.
Austin!
Austin, get back here!
♪ May angels lead you in ♪
♪ May angels lead
you in... ♪
Austin, what are you doing?
Something I should have done
a long time ago.
♪ May angels lead you in ♪
♪ Hear you me, my friends ♪
♪ On sleepless roads
the sleepless go ♪
♪ May angels lead you in. ♪
( thunder rumbling )
( quiet laugh )
I'm sorry I waited
for the rain.
It's okay.
No!
Whoo-hoo!
Oh, my God!
( thunder rumbling )
( yelling )
ANNOUNCER:
Touchdown!
The Fighting Frogs have won!
They've done it!
They've won the game!
( gasping ):
Oh, my...
You gotta love high school.
♪ Don't have to be tough ♪
♪ Don't have to be cute ♪
♪ Don't need
to know anything better... ♪
SAM:
So, we won the big game
that day.
But what I remember most
is I got my prince,
and a really bad cold.
♪ I just wanna be
your friend... ♪
After that, it was like
everything fell into place.
( quiet groan )
My dad was right.
The fairy tale book did contain
something important.
( indistinct police radio
communication )
FIONA:
Hey! Hey!
WOMAN:
This one and take
the two cars
in the front, okay?
I can pay for those
parking tickets!
Actually, I'm selling
your cars, Fiona,
for college tuition money.
What?!
Now, what gives you the idea
you can sell our cars?
She owns them.
Exactly. I own them.
I'm the County
District Attorney.
Have you ever seen this before,
Mrs. Montgomery?
I've never seen that before!
Isn't this your signature
on the witness line?
I have never seen my husband's
hidden will before!
( chuckles )
I'm afraid you're
gonna have to come
downtown
with me, ma'am.
Uh...
( Fiona screaming )
SAM:
Well, that "hidden will" stated
that the house, the diner
and everything belonged to me.
It turned out my stepsisters
knew where Fiona had filed
my real acceptance letter
to Princeton.
I got it!
♪ This will be
an everlasting love... ♪
My dad's diner was restored
to its former glory.
♪ This will be
the one I've waited for ♪
♪ This will be... ♪
SAM:
And my stepmother
made a deal with the D.A.
She's working off her debt
to society-- at Hal's...
♪ Oh... ♪
...under the watchful eye
of my new partner.
♪ You found me in time ♪
Hmm!
♪ And I'm so glad that
you rectified my mind ♪
♪ This will be... ♪
SAM:
And my stepsisters?
They finally put their teamwork
to good use.
( yelling )
♪ Darling, you are some kind
of wonderful... ♪
MR. AMES:
Looks great, you guys.
SAM:
Austin's dad
finally came around
and got off his Trojan horse.
♪ You've given me
the thrill of a lifetime... ♪
Things even cleared up
for Carter.
♪ This will be... ♪
Anything is possible,
if you just believe.
He ended up filming
a commercial.
And in addition to landing
that commercial...
Carter also landed the girl.
( giggling )
♪ From now on, from now on ♪
♪ From now on... ♪
♪ Ooh, hoo, hoo... ♪
The San Fernando Valley
was clear and beautiful,
the way it only is
after a big rainstorm.
Here we go.
As for Austin and me,
well, I finally got
my cell phone back.
We wound up going
to Princeton together
and lived happily ever after.
At least for now.
Hey, I'm only a freshman.
♪ I'm fallin' through the door ♪
♪ Flyin' 'cross the floor ♪
♪ When you look at me,
suddenly it's clear ♪
♪ You're burnin' up my dreams ♪
♪ Crazy as it seems ♪
♪ I don't want to be
anywhere but here ♪
♪ Flyin' through the door,
flyin' 'cross the floor... ♪
( song fades out )
( fast-tempo pop intro begins )
♪ Can you hear them? ♪
♪ They talk about us ♪
♪ Telling lies,
well, that's no surprise ♪
♪ Can you see them,
see right through them? ♪
♪ They have no shield,
no secrets to reveal ♪
♪ It doesn't matter
what they say ♪
♪ In the jealous games
people play-ay-ay-ay ♪
♪ Our lips are sealed ♪
♪ There's a weapon
which we must use ♪
♪ In our defense: silence ♪
♪ Spreading rumors ♪
♪ So far from true ♪
♪ Dragged up
from the underworld ♪
♪ Just like
some precious pearl ♪
♪ It doesn't matter
what they say ♪
♪ In the jealous games
people play-ay-ay-ay ♪
♪ Our lips are sealed ♪
♪ Pay no mind to what they say ♪
♪ It doesn't matter
anyway-ay-ay-ay ♪
♪ Our lips are sealed ♪
♪ Hush, my darling,
don't you cry ♪
♪ Crying angel,
forget their lies ♪
♪ Can you hear them? ♪
♪ They talk about us ♪
♪ Telling lies,
well, that's no surprise ♪
♪ Can you see them,
see right through them? ♪
♪ They have no shield,
no secrets to reveal ♪
♪ It doesn't matter
what they say ♪
♪ In the jealous games
people play-ay-ay-ay ♪
♪ Our lips are sealed ♪
♪ Pay no mind
to what they say ♪
♪ It doesn't matter
anyway-ay-ay-ay ♪
♪ Our lips are sealed ♪
♪ Our lips are sealed. ♪
( song fades )
( medium-tempo ballad
intro begins )
♪ I've been searching
for a heart ♪
♪ That needs a heart like mine ♪
♪ I've been reaching for
a hand that understands ♪
♪ I've been waiting for ♪
♪ Someone that I can love
that loves me ♪
♪ Loves me for
the one that I am ♪
♪ Someone to hold me
when I'm lonely ♪
♪ Someone to keep
the rain away ♪
♪ There's one in this world
for everyone ♪
♪ One heart, one soul
to walk beside you ♪
♪ One in this life
to share your love ♪
♪ One touch
to touch the heart inside you ♪
♪ One to reach for each night ♪
♪ One to trust with your life ♪
♪ That's what I believe ♪
♪ You're the one ♪
♪ You're the one
in this world for me. ♪
( music ends )